{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Century Gothic;}{\f3\froman Times New Roman;}{\f4\froman Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}
\deflang1033\pard\qc\plain\f2\fs28\b Demographic information sheet
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs20 
\par 1.\tab Number of years I have worked with traumatized people is ______.
\par 2.\tab Number of years I have been in my current position is ________.
\par 3.\tab I am a _______male _______female.
\par 4.\tab My age is ________.
\par 5.\tab My training is as a ___________________________________.
\par 6.\tab My highest degree is __________.
\par 7.\tab My marital status is _________________.
\par 8.\tab My gross income last year was approximately __________________.
\par 9.\tab The number of traumatized people I have worked with in the last week is __________.
\par \pard\li720\fi-720\plain\f4\fs20 10.\tab The number of traumatized people I have worked with in the last month is __________.
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs20 11.\tab My nationality is ____________________.
\par 12.\tab My native language is ____________________.
\par 13.\tab The geographic area in which I practice is _______________________________________.
\par \pard\qc\plain\f4\fs22 
\par 
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs28\b Florida Secondary Traumatic Stress Disorder Scale
\par \pard\qc\plain\f4\fs22 
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 Name: ________________________________________ Date:____________________
\par 
\par 
\par \pard\li1440\fi-1440\tx720\tx1440\plain\f4\fs24\b Part A.\tab \tab Have you had contact with someone who has experienced, witnessed, or been confronted with an event or events that involved the following?
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 
\par 1.\tab Actual death\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (   )Yes(   )No (   )Unsure
\par \pard\li5760\fi-5760\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\plain\f4\fs22 2.\tab The threat of death\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (   )Yes(   )No (   )Unsure
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 3.\tab Serious injury\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (   )Yes(   )No (   )Unsure
\par 4.\tab The threat of serious injury\tab \tab \tab \tab (   )Yes(   )No (   )Unsure
\par 5.\tab Threat to their physical well-being\tab \tab \tab (   )Yes(   )No (   )Unsure
\par \pard\li5760\fi-5760\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\plain\f4\fs22 6.\tab Threat to the psysical well-being of a loved one\tab \tab (   )Yes(   )No (   )Unsure
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 
\par \pard\li720\ri720\fi-720\plain\f4\fs24\i \tab If you answered Yes or UNSURE to any of the above please continue to complete this scale.  Please select one person who has been most memorable and complete this scale with that person in mind.  If you answered NO to all of the above items, no other response is needed. Stop here.
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 
\par 7.\tab Please describe your contact with the traumatized person following the event.  What was your role in your contact or relationship to the traumatized  person?  __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par 
\par \plain\f4\fs22\b Based on that contact, did the traumatized person's response involve the following?\plain\f4\fs22 
\par 
\par \pard\li720\fi-720\plain\f4\fs22 8.\tab A feeling of intense fear.\tab \tab \tab \tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  )  Unsure
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 9.\tab A feeling of helplessness.\tab \tab \tab \tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  )  Unsure
\par 10.\tab A feeling of horror.\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  )  Unsure
\par \pard\li720\fi-720\plain\f4\fs22 11.\tab What led you to this conclusion?  For example, certain behaviors or conversations with the traumatized person?  Please describe in detail.
\par \pard\li720\plain\f4\fs22 _____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 
\par 
\par \pard\li1440\fi-1440\tx720\tx1440\plain\f4\fs24\b Part B.\tab Have you persistently experienced any of the following as a result of the contact with the traumatized person:
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 
\par \pard\li720\fi-720\plain\f4\fs22 12.\tab Distress due to repeated and unwanted images associated with the person.
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  )  Unsure
\par \pard\li720\fi-720\plain\f4\fs22 13.\tab Distress due to repeated and unwanted thoughts associated with the person.
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  )  Unsure
\par \pard\li720\fi-720\plain\f4\fs22 14.\tab Distress due to repeated and unwanted sensations associated with the person.
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  )  Unsure
\par \pard\li720\fi-720\plain\f4\fs22 15.\tab Distress due to repeated dreams associated with the person.
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  )  Unsure
\par \pard\li720\fi-720\plain\f4\fs22 16.\tab Have you acted or felt as if the contact with the traumatized person and what she or he experienced were happening in your mind (e.g., feelings of reliving the experience, flashbacks, or images of all or part of the experiences)? \tab \tab 
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  )  Unsure
\par 
\par \plain\f4\fs22\b Did the preceding experience occur?\plain\f4\fs22 
\par 
\par \pard\li720\fi-720\plain\f4\fs22 17.\tab At the time of falling asleep...\tab \tab \tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  )  Unsure
\par 18.\tab At the time of awakening......\tab \tab \tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  )  Unsure
\par 19.\tab While intoxicated...................\tab \tab \tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  )  Unsure
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 \tab 
\par \pard\li720\plain\f4\fs22 At other times (Please specify) ___________________________________________
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 
\par 
\par Have you experienced intense psychological distress when exposed to reminders of the contact with the traumatized person and what the traumatized person experienced?  Note below:
\par 
\par 20.\tab A memory.\tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  )  Unsure
\par 21.\tab An image.\tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  )  Unsure
\par 22,\tab A thought.\tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  )  Unsure
\par 23.\tab A picture.\tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  )  Unsure
\par 24.\tab A sound.\tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  )  Unsure
\par 25,\tab A smell.\tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  )  Unsure
\par 26.\tab Other  experiences (Please  specify) _____________________________________
\par 
\par 
\par \pard\li1440\fi-1440\tx720\tx1440\plain\f4\fs24\b Part C.\tab Have you experienced any of the following since the contact?
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 
\par \pard\li720\fi-720\plain\f4\fs22 27.\tab Efforts to avoid thoughts, feelings, or conversations associated with contact with the traumatized person and what he/she experienced.\tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  )  Unsure
\par 28.\tab Efforts to avoid activities, places, or people that remind you of contact with the traumatized person and what the he/she experienced.\tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  )  Unsure
\par 29.\tab An inability to recall an important aspect of contact with the traumatized person and what she/he experienced.\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  )  Unsure
\par 30.\tab A noticeable reduction in interest or participation in activities you once enjoyed.
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  ) Unsure
\par \pard\li720\fi-720\plain\f4\fs22 31.\tab  A feeling of separation or withdrawal from others.\tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  ) Unsure
\par \pard\li5040\fi-5040\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\plain\f4\fs22 32. \tab A restricted range of emotions.\tab \tab \tab \tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  ) Unsure
\par 33. \tab A sense mortality (could die at any time).\tab \tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  ) Unsure
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 
\par 
\par \pard\li1440\fi-1440\tx720\tx1440\plain\f4\fs24\b Part D.\tab Have you been subject to any of the following since, but not before the contact occurred?
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 
\par \pard\li5760\fi-5760\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\plain\f4\fs22 34. \tab Difficulty falling or staying asleep.\tab \tab \tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  ) Unsure
\par \pard\li720\fi-720\plain\f4\fs22 35. \tab Irritability or outbursts of anger.\tab \tab \tab \tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  ) Unsure
\par 36. \tab Difficulty concentrating.\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  ) Unsure
\par 37. \tab A heightened state of alertness or watchfulness in guarding against danger.
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  ) Unsure
\par \pard\li5040\fi-5040\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\plain\f4\fs22 38. \tab Easily frightened or surprised.\tab \tab \tab \tab (  ) Yes (  ) No (  ) Unsure
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 
\par 
\par \plain\f4\fs24\b 
\par Part E.\tab Duration
\par \plain\f4\fs22 
\par \pard\li720\fi-720\plain\f4\fs22 39. \tab If you responded Yes to any items in sections B, C, or D, how long has this been occurring?
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 \tab (  ) Less than one (1) month.
\par \tab (  ) Between one (1) and three (3) months
\par \tab (  ) More than three months
\par 
\par \pard\li720\fi-720\plain\f4\fs22 40. \tab \plain\f4\fs22\b And\plain\f4\fs22  how long after the event did the symptoms begin?
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 \tab (  ) Less than six (6) months.
\par \tab (  ) Six (6) months or more.
\par 
\par \pard\li720\fi-720\plain\f4\fs28\b End.\plain\f4\fs22 \tab Thank you for your answers.  Please tell us anything that might be useful in understanding your situation, especially what you most frequently thought about when you responded to the above items:
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 
\par ______________________________________________________________________________
\par ______________________________________________________________________________
\par __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
\par ______________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs28\b Horowitz's Impact of Events Scale
\par \plain\f4\fs22 
\par \plain\f4\fs24 Below is a list of comments made by people after stressful life events.  Please read each item indicating how frequently these comments were true for you during the past seven days.  In the space to the left of each item place the number which corresponds to how frequently the item was true in the past seven days as follows:\plain\f4\fs22 
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab \plain\f4\fs22\b 0= Not at all,\tab  1= Rarely,\tab  2= Sometimes,\tab  3= Often\plain\f4\fs22 
\par 
\par \pard\li720\fi-720\plain\f4\fs22  1. ___\tab I thought about it when I didn't mean to.
\par  2. ___\tab I avoided letting myself get upset when I thought about it or was reminded of it.
\par  3. ___\tab I tried to remove it from memory.
\par  4. ___\tab I had trouble falling asleep or staying asleep.
\par  5. ___\tab I had waves of strong feelings about it.
\par  6. ___\tab I had dreams about it.
\par  7. ___\tab I stayed away from reminders of it.
\par  8. ___\tab I felt as if it hadn't happened or it wasn't real.
\par  9. ___\tab I tried not to talk about it.
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 10.___\tab Pictures about it popped into my mind.
\par \pard\li720\fi-720\plain\f4\fs22 11.___\tab Other things kept making me think about it.
\par 12.___\tab I was aware that I still had a lot of feelings about it, but I didn't deal with them.
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 13.___\tab I tried not to think about it.
\par \pard\li720\fi-720\plain\f4\fs22 14.___\tab Any reminder brought back feelings about it.
\par \pard\plain\f4\fs22 15.___\tab My feelings about it were kind of numb.
\par 
\par \plain\f4\fs28\b ___ \plain\f4\fs24\b \tab I am interested in receiving copy of the findings.
\par \plain\f4\fs22 
\par 
\par Pour toute information suppl\'e9mentaire ou pour transmettre vos r\'e9ponses, veuillez vous adresser \'e0 
\par 
\par Brian E. Bride, MSW
\par 
\par bebride@aol.com
\par \tab ou
\par Brian E. Bride,
\par 1612 Crestlane Drive,
\par Smyrna, Georgia (USA) 30080
\par 
\par 
\par }

